{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red13\green13\blue20;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c5490\c6275\c10196;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14080\viewh15480\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Tell me about yourself?\uc0\u8232 \

\f1\i My name is Tonny Mutumba, a Computer Science graduate from the Metropolitan State University of Denver. Also, I have recently finished a data Analysis training with cognixia\'92s Jump program through which I got to strengthen my knowledge in SQL, Tableau, Python, and advanced Excel. The experience has built up my confidence in those particular technologies. And when am not on the clock, I usually try to catch up on whats happening in both local and world news bit current affairs and Technology.    
\f0\i0 \
\
Talk about any of your projects?\'a0\'a0\uc0\u8232 \

\f1\i I have engaged in several projects both personal and group related but one that stands out is a project \'93we\'94 did for the final year for my degree. A simple application that would help a person learn a different language by interacting with other friends.
\f0\i0 \

\f1\i This project was done in Python language on a Django framework for the backend and react-native for the frontend components. We used GitHub to manage our project, also used an agile process, tracked our progress and collaboration through Trello. Communication was done both personally and through MS teams. In the end, we met the MVP for the project by the due day.\'a0\'a0
\f0\i0 \'a0\'a0\uc0\u8232 \
Strength?\
\

\f1\i I am a quick learner and I have realized this through all the projects I have been part of. In most instances, most of the projects I have engaged in always involved a framework that I probably was working with for the first time and I have always been able to catch up or to be more comfortable with the frameworks after a weekend of digging through the instructions and tutorials. This has helped me not to lag behind or even hold my teams back.
\f0\i0 \'a0\'a0\
\'a0\
Disagree?\
\

\f1\i Back to the final project, It was coded in Python language, we disagreed on which framework would work best for us whether Django or Flask. This was an argument that we settled after a weekend of research. I was for Django because at the time I had an idea about it and later realized that Django was better because it was a full-stack framework and more intriguing than Flask.\'a0 \'a0
\f0\i0 \'a0\'a0\
\
Different personality?\
\

\f1\i Being an individual that loves working in teams, meeting different personalities is a constant. So, in most cases, what I do is I like to know my team members before we dive into the project. Simple introduction, try to expand the conversation behold just what their names are. Try to notice what there are interests are and always try to create conversation circling their interests.\'a0
\f0\i0 \
\
Above and beyond?
\f1\i \

\f0\i0 \

\f1\i I have always gone above and beyond in everything I do. As, a student I took the initiative to always research any topics any of my teams wanted, besides that I have always taken the lead on creating the communications channels through which the team can collaborate.\'a0
\f0\i0 \
\
Why are you interested in this Data field?\
\
Tell me about a challenge you over came?\
\

\f1\i We had a project to create an MySQL database for students, Teachers and Courses. Being that we were a group of four members, communication easily became our biggest challenge, due to the different schedules. However, I came up with a solution, created a discord channel added everyone. And we used this channel to keep up with each other throughout the semester. }