{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red199\green200\blue201;\red22\green21\blue22;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c81961\c82353\c82745;\cssrgb\c11373\c10980\c11373\c3922;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
SQL \
\
What is RDBMS?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 What are some of the differences between SQL and NoSQL in concept?\cb1 \
\cb3 What are some of the differences between SQL and NoSQL in practice?\cb1 \
\cb3 What aggregate functions are available in SQL?\cb1 \
\cb3 What is an index in SQL?\cb1 \
\cb3 What is the difference between clustered and non-clustered index?\cb1 \
\cb3 What is a stored procedure?\cb1 \
\cb3 In the context of SQL, what's Function? \cb1 \
\cb3 What are the differences between a Function and a Stored Procedure?\cb1 \
\cb3 What is a view in SQL?\cb1 \
\cb3 Why is it necessary to have views in SQL?\cb1 \
\cb3 What are transactions in SQL?\cb1 \
\cb3 What is the difference between COMMIT and ROLLBACK?\cb1 \
\cb3 What is an inner join?  \cb1 \
\cb3 What is a left join?  \cb1 \
\cb3 What is a right join?  \cb1 \
\cb3 What is a full outer join?  \cb1 \
\cb3 What is a full join? \cb1 \
\cb3 What is normalization?\cb1 \
\cb3 Write a SQL query that will return a todo for a specific date.  \cb1 \
\cb3 Write a query on an employees table to find the person with the second and fourth highest salary.\
\
Explain the difference joins in a SQL table\cb1 \
\cb3 What is an index in SQL?\cb1 \
\cb3 What is the difference between clustered and non-clustered index?\cb1 \
\cb3 What are some of differences in concept and practice between SQL and NoSQL?\cb1 \
\cb3 If you were making a banking application, would you use an SQL or a NoSQL database?\cb1 \
\cb3 Are you familiar with the hibernate framework? What are the advantages of hibernate?\cb1 \
\cb3 How would you use the hibernate framework to set up a repository?\cb1 \
\cb3 From a SQL perspective, how comfortable are you?\cb1 \
\cb3 Are you comfortable writing queries using joins?\cb1 \
\cb3 Have you done any SQL recently?\cb1 \
\cb3 How do you create a table?\cb1 \
\cb3 How do you add columns to a list?\cb1 \
\cb3 Are you comfortable with SQL? How would you rate that?\cb1 \
\cb3 Comfortable with SQL and databases?\cb1 \
\cb3 Comfortable joining tables?\cb1 \
\cb3 Which type of SQL have you worked with?\cb1 \
\cb3 How did you use SQL at your work experience?\cb1 \
\cb3 Gave me two tables and asked different types of questions on it,\cb1 \
\cb3 ex. How would you return records that are duplicates?\cb1 \
\cb3 ex. How you would you return record with latest date?\cb1 \
\cb3 ex. How would you return employees that are also managers?\cb1 \
\cb3 Write an SQL query that would show which instances in a table were duplicates\cb1 \
\cb3 Talk about joins in SQL\cb1 \
\cb3 In an SQL column, what is the difference between a null value and a blank value?\cb1 \
\cb3 How would you write an SQL query to return all records with empty values in a given column?\cb1 \
\cb3 What SQL queries have you used?\cb1 \
\cb3 What is your experience with SQL? What is it and what is it used for?\cb1 \
\cb3 Consider a students table with a number of columns, and one being the state the student lived in. How would you find the number of students who live in NC?\
\
Tableau\
`\
What filters have you used?\cb1 \
\cb3 What is LOD and have you used it?\cb1 \
\cb3 Have you used tableau in a project and how?\cb1 \
\cb3 How would you organize your graphs in tableau?\cb1 \
\cb3 What are LOD functions were in Tableau?\cb1 \
\cb3 What filters have you used in Tableau?\cb1 \
\cb3 What graphs have you made in Tableau?\
\
}