{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh17440\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 Answers Thursday\'92s daily questions \
\
1 - Flexbox and it\'92s use:\
	A flexbox is a one-dimensional layout method of laying out items in rows or columns. And it\'92s used to create flexible responsive layouts structures without necessary using float or positioning.\
\
2 - RDMS  is a program that allows you to create, update and administer a relational DB.\
	MongoDB is a NoSQL DB. It represents data as a json document. Its different from relational DB because it doesn\'92t have row and columns. \
	MongoDB can be used when there is diverse data types.\
\
3 - Dependencies in Spring Boot? \
	Spring Boot handles most dependencies automatically incase that are added as plugins. \
\
4 - 	Normalization is a technique used in SQL to reduces data redundancy and undesirable characteristics during insertion and deletion.\
Forms:\
	1st Normalization: Creating unique records and every cell should contain a single value.  \
	2nd Normalization: Be in 1NF, Create a column for the PK, splitting the data into schemas and creating transitive functions.\
	3rd Normalization: Be in 2NF, Has no transitive functions, split the table more. \
\
5 - 	SQL migration to a new server or cloud-based service:\
	- Disable or stop the application\
	- Backup the source server.\
	- Transform the DB into a read-only status.\
	- Restore the backup of databases onto the target server application.\
	- Cross check database properties as per the script source backup.\
	- Run tests and if they pass, migration is completed.   \
	}