{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 What does the @EnableAutoConfiguration Annotation do in Spring Boot?
\f1\b0 \
\
	Enables auto-configuration in application context. Therefore it creates and registers beans on the the jar extensions in files. \
\

\f0\b Can you explain Spring Actuator? What issues can arise from using it? 
\f1\b0 \
\
	Is a sub-project of the spring-boot framework. It includes more additional features that helps us to monitor and manage SpringBoot. (Features include Endpoint, Metric and Audit), Properties: Monitoring, gathering metric, understanding traffic or the state of our database. Mainly used to expose information about the running application. \
\

\f0\b Issues
\f1\b0 \
- Endpoints are sensitive therefore some info from the app might be omitted. \
- unauthorized users of the app can see some status information through HTTP\
 \

\f0\b Pickling, Unpickling in python?\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Pickling is the process of converting an object hierarchy into a byte stream and Unpickling is converting a binary, or byte stream into object hierarchy. \
Pickle is a preferred way to serializing python objects. Serialization is process when a HTTP request is responded to.\
Pickle is a stable native Python object serialization format. It provides four method Dump(), Dumps(), Load() and Loads()\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Data Structures in pandas\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Pandas is an open source library used for working with relational or labeled data. Provides data structures and operations fro manipulating numerical data and time series. It a tool for cleaning and processing data in data analysis. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Structures:
\f1\b0 \
	Series: - One dimensional labelled arrays capable of holding data of any type. \
	DataFrame: - Two-dimensional size-mutable, heterogeneous tabular data structure with labelled axes. Components; Rows Columns Data\
\

\f0\b Regions and Availability zones of AWS?\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Regions - physical locations around the world where we clustered data centers. \
	Availability zones - One or more discrete data centers with redundant power, networking, and connectivity in an AWS region. \
\
}