{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh17440\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
Answers\

\fs36 \
1 -  We design such an application by using nested classes and static objects that can be called upon easily.\
      For the database there are cloud services that can be applied like AWS, or if the project is personal static objects can also be used. \
\
2 - Deploying an application using a Lambada function:\
	Create a lambada function that gets notifications from the AWS A3. The notification contains a source bucket and key, which implements the getObject method. \
\
3 - <br> tags problem:\
	Mostly is about readability. At some instances with the tag instead of splitting words it may combine them thus making text or sentences hard to understand on screen.\
\
4 - Relationships:\
	One to One - like a passport and it\'92s holder, SSN and person.\
	One to Many - like Dept and Employees\
	Many to Many - like Customers and products.  Implementation you create a linking table with pk that are fk in their respective tables. \
\
5 - User definition function -  Functions that accept parameters and return some type of result depending on condition and type. \
	Types:\
		Scalar-value functions - These accept a parameter and return a single function.\
		Table-value functions - These accept a parameter and return the result in form of table.  \
    	 }